**How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?**
I ensure my code is functional and secure by performing a Vulnerability Assessment. This includes validating input through whitelisting and blacklisting techniques. I also ensure I use OOP principles to create quality code within my Software. This includes encapsulating my data appropriately and using correct implementations of inheritance as well as the principle of least privilege. Finally, I test my Software by setting up a test procedure for evaluating the results of test conditions using well-constructed test cases. I use the knowledge of the requirements for my test basis.
  
**How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?**
Using a series of requirement gathering techniques such as document review, interviewing, and role-playing, I gather the functional and non-functional requirements for my project. I then refine the requirements and portray them through documents or models such as specifications documents or use cases. These are used to guide the design and coding of the program while also providing an opportunity to catch defects earlier within the Life Cycle through means of Static Testing. While progressing through the Life Cycle of the product, the customer needs to be involved in some way, whether it be through live reviews or evaluations of marginal deliverables. This ensures that rework is not needed after the product is nearly or is finished.

**How do I approach designing software?**
When beginning to design Software, I collect the functional and non-functional requirements when analyzing user needs. I do this through requirement gathering techniques. I then begin to define and resolve requirements that are incomplete or contradictory. I follow up by breaking the requirements into components in varying sizes and priorities. These can be displayed with different diagrams such as activity diagrams. I also introduce my testing types and strategies and ensure my logic is correct before implementing code. I choose the design method I feel is most appropriate to the project, whether it be a function-oriented or object-oriented approach or even something different. I use techniques such as incremental development when coding. I test concurrently with my amount of testing being determined by the overall risk of the project. I involve the customer or client through these steps to gather feedback and possible alternatives. As I execute code, I use dynamic testing and techniques such as unit testing, regression testing, user-acceptance testing, etc. As the product is handed off, I implement a gathering technique to resolve future maintenance issues.
